Add Testcontainers for .NET documentation (#627)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/api/wait_strategies.md

# Wait Strategies

> Wait strategies are useful to detect if a container is ready for testing. They check the state of a container and complete as soon as the container reached it. Ordinarily Testcontainers for .NET will wait until the container is running. Usually, that is not enough. You can chain different pre-configured wait strategies together or implement your own by implementing the `IWaitUntil` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait strategies are useful to detect if a container is ready for testing (i.e., the application inside the container is in a usable state). They check for different indicators of readiness of the container and complete as soon as they are fulfilled. Per default, Testcontainers will wait until the container is running. For simple images, that is not enough. You can chain different pre-configured wait strategies together or implement your own by implementing the `IWaitUntil` interface.
```
